Improvements to the runtime > macros documentation (#943)
substrate-developer-hub/substrate-docs: v3/docs/03-runtime/b-macros/index.mdx

**What it does**

> Provides constants that are part of the [`Config` trait](/rustdocs/latest/frame_system/pallet/trait.Config.html) and gives information about external tools to use for the runtime. In other words allows the user to tweak the pallet's behavior.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Provides constants that are part of the [`Config` trait](/rustdocs/latest/frame_system/pallet/trait.Config.html) to specify how a pallet is configured for the runtime, allowing developers to tweak the pallet's behaviour.
```

**When to use**

> To pass values of `Config` trait associated types to metadata, which allows the value of the type to be used by external tools and third parties. Note that this attribute is only usable from inside a `#[pallet::config]` item.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To pass constant types from the `Config` trait to the pallet's metadata, which allows the value of the type to be used by external tools and third parties. Note that this attribute is only usable from inside a `#[pallet::config]` item.
```

**When to use**

> Optionally, for additional constants not related to user's configuration one may want to pass to metadata.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Optionally, to pass metadata for additional constants which are not related to the pallet's configuration.
```

**When to use**

> Required to declare the pallet struct place holder, to be later used by `construct_runtime` macro.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Required to declare the pallet struct place holder, to be later used by the `construct_runtime` macro.
```

**When to use**

> Required, to implement pallet's dispatchables. Each dispatchable:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Required, to implement dispatchables for the pallet. Each dispatchable:
```

- defines a weight with the `#[pallet::weight($expr)]` attribute
- has its first argument as `origin: OriginFor<T>`,
- returns `DispatchResultWithPostInfo` or `DispatchResult`

> - may use compact encoding for argument using `#[pallet::compact]`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- may use compact encoding of arguments, using `#[pallet::compact]`
```

- [API Documentation](/rustdocs/latest/frame_support/macro.construct_runtime.html)
- `Runtime` struct type is defined to represent the Substrate runtime.
- `Event` enum type is defined with variants of all pallets that emit events, with helper traits and
  encoding/decoding traits implemented for the enum. Among the various conversion traits, `Event` also

>   implements `TryInto<mypallet::Event<Runtime>>` trait to try to convert it into an event declared

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  implements the `TryInto<mypallet::Event<Runtime>>` trait to try to convert it into an event declared
```

  by the specific pallet `mypallet`.
- `Origin` enum type is defined with helper traits, e.g. `PartialEq`, `Clone`, `Debug` implemented.
  This enum type defines who calls an extrinsic: `NONE`, `ROOT`, or signed by a particular account.
  These three primitive origins are defined by the FRAME System module, but optional FRAME pallets
  may also define origins.
- `Call` enum type is defined with all integrated pallets as variants. It contains the data and
  metadata of each of the integrated pallets, and redirects calls to the

>   specific pallet by implementing `frame_support::dispatch::Dispatchable` and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  specific pallet by implementing the `frame_support::dispatch::Dispatchable` and
```

>   `frame_support::dispatch::UnfilteredDispatchable` trait.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  `frame_support::dispatch::UnfilteredDispatchable` traits.
```

- `GenesisConfig` struct type is defined and implements `sp_runtime::BuildStorage` trait for
  building up the storage genesis config.
- The macro leverages the `frame_support::unsigned::ValidateUnsigned` trait implementation from each
  pallet. If no `ValidateUnsigned` trait is implemented in any included pallets, all unsigned
  transactions will be rejected.

### parameter_types!

**When to use**

> To declare parameter types to be assigned to pallet's `Config` trait associated types during

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To declare parameter types for a pallet's relevant associated types during
```

- `Public` struct type is declared, and implements `sp_application_crypto::AppKey` trait defining
  the public key type, and `sp_application_crypto::RuntimeAppPublic` trait for generating keypairs,
  signing, and verifying signatures.
- `Signature` struct type is declared, and implements `sp_application_crypto::AppKey` and

>   `core::hash::Hash` trait determining how the data with this signature type is hashed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  `core::hash::Hash` traits which determine how the data with this signature type is hashed.
```
